"hahaha fun? THIS GAME ISN'T ABOUT FUN" - Ben Saint
"I will never surrender my hard earned chromosomes" - Ben Saint
"im not a mary sue im a shakespearean tragic hero my fatal flaw was LUST FOR NUTS" - Ben Saint
"Pretty sure all this stuff about the Jew's is just a smokescreen and it's really the furries that control global finance" - Ben Saint
"Socialism sucks. Capitalism sucks. Why? Cuz PEOPLE suck. The only fair system is when we're all equally nuked from orbit ;^)" - Tom Oliver
"Oh... wow I'm a dumbass" - Ben Saint
"My name's not Nate! I'm the Jester King!" - Nate Bestman
"God, why did Pewdiepie have to ruin being black for everyone?" - Ben Saint
"Ye" - Mage, all the time
"I hate everyone now. I hated people before but now I hate everyone, and I'm gonna tell them about it!" - Gibbontake
"Cars is also the worst Pixar movie!" - Jesse
"SEX WITH THE YOUNG! SEX WITH THE YOUNG! SEX WITH THE YOUNG! SEX WITH THE YOUNG! SEX WITH THE YOUNG!" - Everyone
"Next time we'll be talking about Ghost in the Shell: Stand Alone Complex, the Best Anime Ever. See you then!" - Nate Bestman, 2015
"Jesse, that's not an argument, you're just making retarded noises!" - Nate Bestman
"I heard you abuse people sexually. That's my thing." - Digibro
"It's cool that this dude has so much passion for drawing a 12 year old's genitals, I can totally respect that." - Digibro
"It's for little girls... and me." - Digibro
"IT'S NOT YELLOW!" - Jesse
"Hey there guys, I think you're swell! And if you die, then go to hell!" - Jesse 
"Woah those tits! I love thos tits so much!" - Digibro
"Cody LaRue is the butt chugger. He's gonna make you his butt chug brother." - Jesse
"We're the reason people are dying." - Everyone
"No lives matter." - Nate Bestman
"Trying to fucking seduce my boy, trying to lure him over to side of evil and turn him into a gay." - Nate Bestman
"Life is a cage and death is the key." - Gibbontake
"I wanted to give one last shoutout to Data from Star Trek." - Nate Bestman
"I'm gayer than God and I'm deader than Christ." - Digibro via Fat and Dangerous
"Fuck this GAAAAAAAAME" - Tom Oliver, every day of his life
"PEUH" - Digibro
"This one goes to all my african american brothers living in Japan." - Nate Bestman
"I'm a japanese colloquilism." - Jesse is Digi
"I like to watch illustrations of little girls... GETTING FUCKED!" - Digibro
"Awoooooooooo 56709" - Ben Saint
"There is no ethical communication under language." - Digibro
"I don't believe in intelligence." - Ben Saint
"Drawing is much like making love to a beautiful cat." - Gibbontake
"Don't mine at night." - Munchy
"This is gonna sound extra arrogant and conceited, but..." - Digibro
"Oh no. It's adorable." - Mage
"Fuckingfucking fucking fucking fuckenfucking haha fucking NARUTO haha." - Mage
"Des-perate Jeeess! Dada da dadada da da dada da. I need a hug!" - Jesse
"111111111111111" - Munchy
"I can't resist and uwu." - Nate Bestman
"Have some self respect, you fuck, you piece of shit." - Ben Saint
"I want a girl with a big ol vagina... Like to the floor my dude!" - Nate Bestman
"marios a skinhead, luigi is antifa, what has the world come to" - Munchy
"GF's come and go, but anime club is forever." - Tom Oliver
"Hey guys! Just got back from the gym and I'm ready to do some Q and A!" - Tom Oliver